[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are not limited
in any way genetically.
It does not work that way.
You are trapped in a
materialistic mentality that
doesn't let you see how the
real science of genetics
really works.
Genes are an
expression developed
by consciousness
and materialization
of an intention.
Genes are not fixed, set
items, blueprints of which you
are a victim during your life.
Genes can be overwritten,
can be erased,
and can be developed
as entirely new ones.
Entirely new ones are
created all the time.
They respond to stimuli
from the outside world that
is outside the cell
that holds them.
That stimuli comes as the result
of the subject's perception
of the outside world.
And the subject's perception is
dependent on its consciousness,
awareness, and
frequency of existence.
This last statement can
be clearly understood
studying the work of Dr.
Bruce Lipton, epigenetics.
But what I am telling you here
goes far beyond Bruce's work.
What I am telling you is
that epigenetics is not
only how mind and
perception alters
your body to a genetic
level, but it actually
is how your entire
body is built.
It is the result
of your perception
and your consciousness
intention as well as
your frequency of existence.
Genes develop as a
shadow interpretation
of what you are in a level
or a plane of existence
above the one you are
perceiving, study,
or living in.
Each point and minute
particle of matter
that makes up your genes come
as the result of an energy
pattern--
standing wave,
concentration manifestation
process, directly as the result
of your focus, intention,
consciousness, and frequency.
It has been said that you
were limited genetically
in a laboratory by
beings like the Anunnaki
who created the human species
splicing genes from a monkey.
Other versions say from
scratch, not using the monkey.
All this is not accurate.
It is said that
your higher brain
functions, such as telepathy,
clear cognizance, and so on,
have been edited out,
altering your genes.
It's been said that you have
been limited in the lifespan
as well.
You have not, not in the way
described by those theories.
Humans have been tampered
with genetically in the past
many times.
But those changes do not
stick, and as a species,
result in a dead end
with no reproduction
or limited only to
a few generations.
A permanent change in the
genetic structure of humans
has been done in another way.
All those higher
psychic abilities
do not reside in the brain.
Nor do they reside in a gene.
They are only
expressed by a gene.
There is nothing to edit out.
Those psychic abilities come
from your energetic body
and your spiritual
essence higher yourself.
They are not physical.
There is no center
for telepathy.
for clear cognizance.
The only point that
mildly resembles that
is the pineal gland.
But it's only a translator.
It does not control your
higher mental functions.
The way you have been limited
is with the extensive use
of mind control.
This is, the
controllers have led
you to believe, with arguments
and with compelling yet false
ideas, that you are living
in a deterministic world.
That is, you are
living in a place
where you experience
and suffer things that
are not under your control.
Victim mentality.
Everyone on Earth is telepathic,
clear cognizant, and psychic.
But you are trained to
ignore when you are having
an experience of that sort.
So you can no longer
recognize when
you are being telepathic,
as you automatically
ignore the subtle messages.
But once you understand
this and how it works,
you will start to see that,
in fact, you are telepathic.
It's those subtle
messages you feel
about anything or about
anyone, an inner knowing that
doesn't come from you.
This is what you have been
trained to ignore and to pass
for false.
In your world, you are taught to
discredit feelings and emotions
as something
unwanted, as something
that contradicts logic as if
it were higher understanding.
Your emotions are higher wisdom.
They are who you are as a soul.
The moment you discredit them--
yours or those of others--
you are losing a great
part of your soul.
Humans have been genetically
intervened all the time
throughout history.
I am not saying
they have not been.
What I'm trying to say
is that they were not
created like that as a species.
But they were altered
at each individual level
by other species or stellar
races for various reasons,
for example to accommodate the
frequency of a to-be mother
for her to be able to
carry out a good pregnancy
to bring a high frequency
star seed into your world.
If this is not
done many times it
will result in nervous damage
to the mother or to the child.
And in many cases, it does
lead to a miscarriage.
Another example of genetic
manipulation by another star
race is to heal subjects
presenting severe damage
to their body in order to permit
them to fulfill their life
plan as their life is in danger
This is done quite commonly.
But it depends on each
individual's life plan.
So not all subjects who
get sick will be repaired.
Throughout history,
many attempts
to alter the human
genome have been
made by regressive and
invasive species by the cabal.
And it's still going on.
But as genes are not fixed,
deterministic, inflexible
things, and due to
humans high contact
rate with source and
with higher self,
they have a tendency to
rewrite themselves back
into their original
configuration,
erasing the modification.
>> Why are these
attempts being made?
What do they try to achieve?
>> They want to achieve total
control over humans in order
to exploit them, the most
effective and efficient way
possible: to make them slaves.
If humans have high contact with
source, they end up rebelling.
And the history has demonstrated
that over and over again.
Going back to what
I said earlier about
the genes rewriting
themselves to their original
configuration, when
DNA is aggressively
altered in an invasive way as
you would do in a laboratory,
it has the tendency
to immediately return
to its original
configuration given
by the consciousness perception
of the owner subject.
This will occur very
fast, in a matter
of weeks in the fifth density.
But on Earth, due
to the low density
slow manifestation properties,
it may take more time.
But it's directly
dependent on each subject.
In the worst case scenario,
it may take one generation
before it returns to
original DNA configuration.
The only way to make
aggressively made laboratory
changes to DNA permanent
is to keep the subject
in a very low consciousness
state and state of mind.
This is, the subject
must be kept in fear
with a clear deterministic view
and interpretation of reality,
alienated from
source consciousness.
This way, the subject from
above will order its genes
to remain in a
deterministic state that
matches its consciousness
and perception of reality.
This is why sodium
fluoride is used
in large quantities, and
everything else that calcifies,
and therefore isolates, the
pineal gland, as well as
the widespread use of drugs,
especially psychotropic ones,
to suppress especially
alert individuals,
also calling them
crazy or mentally ill,
labeling it as schizophrenia,
psychosis, depression,
Asperger's, autism,
attention deficit,
and other false psychopathys
that have other explanations
from physical brain damage to
sheer nonsense or mind control.
The population has imposed the
use of pharmaceutical drugs
with enormous damage
to their systems
due to side effects put there
by them under the excuse
of masking symptom.
They also socially
impose the use
of harmful substances
that separate
the unified eye, the original
source, and keeps them
very much in 3D,
always maintaining them
within a concept of the
deterministic reality,
of victims accepting
as true only
what comes from their
material senses.
And that is living within an
invasive mental control matrix.
These substances are
alcohol, tobacco, and coffee.
But in the case of
other genes, the ones
that do control
genetic disorders
and autoimmune
illnesses and other ones
such as cancer, which do have
a genetic component to them,
although not entirely
dependent on genes,
will maintain the negatively
configured genetic structure
if the connection to
source of the subject
is effectively suppressed.
The modification
of the human genome
by aggressive means in a
laboratory with the intention
of keeping humans under control
and as slaves is not necessary.
All that must be done is to
mind control the population
into accepting a
belief system that
will result in the subjects
themselves changing
their genetic configuration
to the one that
suits the controllers.
This last statement is
important because it's
what has been going on
for 12,500 years on Earth.
The controllers
not only know this,
but they apply
this with mastery.
They make people
believe something,
and the people will
eventually change their genes.
It takes time, but they are
patient because their lifespan
by far exceeds
the one of humans.
This is working against
humans because they
are incapable of
seeing things clearly
when there is an
agenda that involves
slow but controlled changes
that involve generations.
Humans only can
perceive what changes
their immediate
reality, sometimes
being blind to changes that are
done to them during the course
of their lifetime.
Change is the only
constant in the universe,
but that doesn't mean
all changes are good.
And that doesn't
mean you should not
react to changes that
are affecting you
directly or indirectly, both as
a species and as an individual.
Humankind is not
equipped to see interests
in an expanded context
as two things that
affect the entire species.
They only can effectively
perceive interests
that involve their immediate
survival, with rare exceptions,
of course.
The imposition of a belief
system such as religion,
including science
as it's dogmatic,
therefore also a religion.
And as a result,
a genetic change
will occur in the
subject population
in an acceptable period of time.
>> Why so much interest in
making us believe that we were
manipulated in a laboratory
or come from a monkey
or hybridized with a monkey?
>> Because the moment you
discovered that you are not
limited, your consciousness will
rise and you will be liberated
from the illusion of the matrix.
You will have all
your abilities.
You will realize
everything that goes on.
And therefore, the
matrix will end.
>> How much is genetics
linked to 4D and higher?
>> The link with it is total,
and not only with the 4D
but with all the densities being
part of a whole of the same.
If a person is
disconnected or isolated,
it is their own ideas
and beliefs of limitation
that provide the genetic
stability of artificial change.
But that change does not have
to be made in a laboratory.
The body itself follows the
instructions of the mind,
following the concepts
of epigenetics
at the cellular and
intracellular level.
It goes much further
than epigenetics,
to the extent of explaining
the entire formation
of all DNA, and with it, of
the individual and the species
itself.
The mind and consciousness
create the individuals,
their genetics, and all
their personal traits
at the total level.
What I am saying is that
epigenetics is not only
how the mind and
perception alter
your body at the genetic
level, but that it is how
the whole body is constructed.
>> With the mental control,
which part of genetics is
changed?
Is there any part
in particular that
is the one that is altered?
>> Mind control has the
potential to change all
genetics.
To change a particular
aspect, you only
need to study what
behavior, what ideas,
concepts, and beliefs are
the ones that would influence
a particular gene.
But rarely if at all there is
talk of altering a single gene.
For one, groups or segments
of interrelated genes
are altered that in the
end will give the desired
result from the point of
view of the controllers.
The whole genetics can be
changed, or just one part.
It is only necessary
to change the mentality
of the individual, his
perception, his concept of what
is and is not real.
In the '90s in the
USA, an experiment
was conducted that
ended up classified
and was not disclosed
to the public as it was.
A group of elderly people
was taken and isolated
in a community structured as
a town but set in the 1950s.
All people were over
80 years of age.
Everything was as
it was in the '50s--
cars, food, music,
even radio stations.
As the weeks passed, they
were all rejuvenated.
Their ailments were
mostly disappearing.
After three months, everyone
was walking energetically
without walking sticks.
At six months, all had the
physical body structure
of at least 10 to 20 years
younger, in some cases up
to 25 years younger.
Everything is in the mind.
Those people were
mentally back in 1955.
And their bodies,
their genetics,
was doing its best to adapt
to the perception of the mind.
They were still in the '90s, but
by perception, they were not.
They were back in 1955.
I am aware that there
is scientific evidence
of genetic tampering in
the laboratory on humans.
I am not denying this fact.
But what I am pointing
out is the fact
that those artificial changes
do not constitute the reason
nor do they affect the
whole as a species.
They are localized and limited.
An example of this is the
said genomic telomeron
that are at the end of
the genetic sequence
and are said to be the point
or the genetic structure that
controls and limits
human lifespan.
This is not so.
Those genomic telomerons
shorten a notch year
by year as the result of
the idea that you are aging.
The genomic
telomerons, in general,
are part of any gene
sequence and are
lost due to other
factors like being
exposed to an aggressive
and not nourishing,
hostile environment.
You, the individual, has the
idea that reality is hostile.
But that is perception.
And perception is
dependent on belief systems
and consciousness awareness.
The reason why the telomeres
shorten with the years
is as a consequence of the idea
that it is getting older, one
of the explanations that
you have been given,
that you age because the cells
are copied to be replaced
by new ones as part of
the normal process of body
regeneration and that
during the process
data is lost because of the
shortening of the telomeres,
resulting in deficient
cells that, summed up,
give the final result
of an aged person.
The genes, therefore
the telomeres,
do not work as a
bad copy of a copy
of the copy that ends up
degrading the sharpness
of the original.
This is not so.
The genes can be replicated with
total clarity and reliability
in a virtually infinite way.
>> Is my unconscious body
perception and reality
connected to the collective one?
Because if so, even if I work
on myself and change my beliefs,
if the collective doesn't,
I will still age, right?
>> It is because you have an
agreement with the collective
to perceive reality
the way you do--
aging, sky is blue,
roses are red: agreement.
But you can override it.
You can drastically
slow it down.
>> So maybe you can explain
a bit how to override
the genetics with consciousness,
because you said that
the collective unconscious
plays a role here, too.
Then, how to
override the genetics
that is manifested on the basis
of limited collective beliefs?
>> It overrides genetics
because they are perceptions.
They are the external world
in which the individual lives.
Perceptions and
experiences give you
the framework of beliefs
that, in themselves, form
consciousness and
individual frequency.
This is what naturally
modifies or overrides
the genes of the individual.
It is not necessary to modify
a species such as the human one
in the laboratory if there is
a more effective and easier way
to achieve the desired
behavior, the application
of mental control, and
social engineering.
>> If my perception and
experience is of my aging
parents, for example, then
this gives me my belief we age.
How to override this
having the experiences
around that only
validate getting old?
This gives me a framework
of belief, which afterwards
will only validate more aging.
It's a loop.
How to get out of the
loop and override this?
>> That's why you
are still aging.
If you saw everyone around
you not aging, why would you?
What you describe is
part of the matrix.
Still, yes, you can
fight it, understanding
that the fact that you
see other people aging
does not mean that
you also will.
You age because you are
convinced you must age.
It's not enough to
change your mindset.
It helps.
But in 3D, you must accept
that your body is functioning
as apart from you due to
the extra low frequency soup
and density you live in.
This means that your body
is not well synchronized
with your consciousness.
And this is because,
like it or not,
that is part of what
defines 3D density--
your apparent
separation from source.
Your body functions
like your unconscious
because it is your unconscious.
So it is reacting
before said program.
That is what keeps you in
a deterministic mindset
as you fail to see any
immediate or short term
changes to your body even
in spite of your efforts
to raise your frequency
and your consciousness
as well as your
connection to source.
You must treat your
body as your unconscious
with the direct intention
of changing the program.
And one of the most effective
tools to do so is repetition.
>> They say that human
life is getting longer now.
What do you think about that?
>> That's life expectancy.
It obeys other things
that have nothing
to do with the final
length of the human being.
That is around 85
to 90 years old.
We must add in environmental
and toxic factors that
also influence the
final result, factors
such as the hostile environment,
stress cortisol, food
poisoned by GMOs and chemicals,
the high gravity of the Earth
because the human
being was designed
for a gravity of 80%
of that of Earth.
This directly influences
the cartilages and bones,
as well as the skin and
other internal organs.
>> What influences more,
mental control and beliefs
or the factors you mentioned?
>> As far as aging is concerned,
everything influences,
but the environmental factors
fall to a distant second place
after the state of
perception consciousness
of the individual.
Everything is mind control.